I'm working on replacing the oxygen
sensor rear oxygen sensor for a 2009
Jetta TDI so I just replaced the o2
sensor it's up in here hopefully you can
see it and the wire loops back through
here here's some heat shield material
and it crosses over this this strut here
then
omoro to material here you can see that
there's a snap connector here holds in
here the extra wire just kind of loops
around here comes back and then it
connects into this connector here this
is covered normally covered by a plastic
shield that is not too bad to take off
so this plastic shield this goes all the
way back here y'all screw it off
overall this took me about an hour to
accomplish this take it off the heat
shields actually was kind of hard
pulling out this o2 sensor up in here
hopefully you can see it you know you're
gonna have to have it like a torque bar
or something to pull that off because
that actually is in there pretty hard so
the part to sensor part end up cost me
about $150 on O'Reilly's and not too bad
replace about an hour time anyways if it
helps one more thing to mention about
replacing this o to sensor is O'Reilly
does have a part or a kit that you can
borrow for free that actually helps get
this bolt off up in here and it again
like I said my earlier video it actually
is pretty hard to pull off and so I
would recommend borrowing that kit from
O'Reilly because it will help a lot in
terms of getting good torque or good
hold on that that bolt that has to come
off so this is the tip that I borrowed
from O'Reilly uttal store
and supposedly it helps we'll see here's
the old and new cable sit in side by
side there's summer length the new ones
a little longer you know side these
pieces here these pieces here that need
to be fit on somehow this is done you
know a put one here also basically they
go into brackets that hold the cable in